.. glossary::

    Heat as a service
        A business model providing heat and cooling services based on units or measurements of 'comfort' or 'warm/cold hours' rather than traditional measures of energy supply.

    Infrastructure as a service
        An ICT infrastructure development, licensing and delivery model than is often subscription-based.
        Increasingly used by organisations needing to increase technological capacity, but who do not have the skills/resources to develop bespoke products internally.

    Mobility as a service
        A business model providing mobility services based on vehicle access rather than traditional models of vehicle ownership.

    Platform as a service
        A platform development, licensing and delivery model than is often subscription-based.
        Increasingly used by organisations needing to increase technological capacity, but who do not have the skills/resources to develop bespoke products internally.

    Software as a service
        A software development, licensing and delivery model than is often subscription-based.
        Increasingly used by organisations needing to increase technological capacity, but who do not have the skills/resources to develop bespoke products internally.

    Industrial and commercial
        *I&C* - Accronym commonly used in the energy sector to refer to non-domestic actors - particularly heavy industry and other high-consumption actors.

    Know Your Customer
        *KYC* - Borrowed from banking/fraud - common among businesses to describe all aspects of licensing / permissions management for data consumers. (Definition provided by AG member)

    Pay As You Go
        *PAYG* - no definition

    Purchase Power Agreement
        *PPA* - An electricity supply agreement between two parties - e.g. generator and trader.

    Time of use
        *TOU* - Energy supply tariff offering variable pricing depending on the time of day energy is used and the demand on the grid at that point in time.

